README.md, before:

# VHS

<p>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42545625/198402537-12ca2f6c-0779-4eb8-a67c-8db9cb3df13c.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="500" />
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42545625/198402542-a305f669-a05a-4d91-b18b-ca76e72b655a.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="500" />
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/charmbracelet/vhs.svg" alt="Latest Release"></a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/charmbracelet/vhs?tab=doc"><img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/golang/gddo?status.svg" alt="Go Docs"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/actions"><img src="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/workflows/build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
</p>

Write terminal GIFs as code for integration testing and demoing your CLI tools.

<img alt="Welcome to VHS" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/neofetch_3.gif" width="600" />

The above example was generated with VHS ([view source](./examples/neofetch/neofetch.tape)).

## Tutorial

To get started, [install VHS](#installation) and create a new `.tape` file.

```sh
vhs new demo.tape
```

Open the `.tape` file with your favorite `$EDITOR`.

```sh
vim demo.tape
```

Tape files consist of a series of [commands](#vhs-command-reference). The commands are
instructions for VHS to perform on its virtual terminal.  For a list of all
possible commands see [the command reference](#vhs-command-reference).

```elixir
# Where should we write the GIF?
Output demo.gif

# Set up a 1200x600 terminal with 46px font.
Set FontSize 46
Set Width 1200
Set Height 600

# Type a command in the terminal.
Type "echo 'Welcome to VHS!'"

# Pause for dramatic effect...
Sleep 500ms

# Run the command by pressing enter.
Enter

# Admire the output for a bit.
Sleep 5s
```

Once you've finished, save the file and feed it into VHS.

```sh
vhs < demo.tape
```

All done! You should see a new file called `demo.gif` (or whatever you named
the `Output`) in the directory.

<img alt="A GIF produced by the VHS code above" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/demo.gif" width="600" />

For more examples see the [`examples/`](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/tree/main/examples) directory.

## Installation

> **Note**
> VHS requires [`ttyd`](https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd) and [`ffmpeg`](https://ffmpeg.org) to be installed and available on your `PATH`.

Use a package manager:

```sh
# macOS or Linux
brew install charmbracelet/tap/vhs ffmpeg
brew install ttyd --HEAD

# Arch Linux (btw)
yay -S vhs-bin ttyd ffmpeg

# Nix
nix-env -iA nixpkgs.vhs nixpkgs.ttyd nixpkgs.ffmpeg

# Debian/Ubuntu
sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings
curl -fsSL https://repo.charm.sh/apt/gpg.key | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/charm.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/charm.gpg] https://repo.charm.sh/apt/ * *" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/charm.list
# Install ttyd from https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd/releases
sudo apt update && sudo apt install vhs ffmpeg

# Fedora/RHEL
echo '[charm]
name=Charm
baseurl=https://repo.charm.sh/yum/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://repo.charm.sh/yum/gpg.key' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/charm.repo
# Install ttyd from https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd/releases
sudo yum install vhs ffmpeg

# Void Linux
sudo xbps-install vhs
```

Or, use Docker to run VHS directly, dependencies included:

```sh
docker run --rm -v $PWD:/vhs ghcr.io/charmbracelet/vhs <cassette>.tape
```

Or, download it:

* [Packages][releases] are available in Debian and RPM formats
* [Binaries][releases] are available for Linux, macOS, and Windows

Or, just install it with `go`:

```sh
go install github.com/charmbracelet/vhs@latest
```

[releases]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/releases

## The VHS Server

VHS has an SSH server built in! When you self host VHS you can access it as
though it were installed locally. VHS will have access to commands and
applications on the host so you don't need to install them on your machine.

To start the server run:

```sh
vhs serve
```

Then, simply access VHS from any machine via `ssh`:

```sh
ssh vhs.example.com < demo.tape > demo.gif
```

## VHS Command Reference

> **Note**
> You can view all VHS documentation on the command line with `vhs manual`.

There are a few basic types of VHS commands:

* [`Output <path>`](#output): specify file output
* [`Set <Setting> Value`](#settings): set recording settings
* [`Type "<characters>"`](#type): emulate typing
* [`Left`](#arrow-keys) [`Right`](#arrow-keys) [`Up`](#arrow-keys) [`Down`](#arrow-keys): arrow keys
* [`Backspace`](#backspace) [`Enter`](#enter) [`Tab`](#tab) [`Space`](#space): special keys
* [`Ctrl+<char>`](#ctrl): press control + key
* [`Sleep <time>`](#sleep): wait for a certain amount of time
* [`Hide`](#hide): hide commands from output
* [`Show`](#show): stop hiding commands from output

### Output

The `Output` command allows you to specify the location and file format
of the render. You can specify more than one output in a tape file which
will render them to the respective locations.

```elixir
Output out.gif
Output out.mp4
Output out.webm
Output frames/ # a directory of frames as a PNG sequence
```

### Settings

The `Set` command allows you to change global aspects of the terminal, such as
the font settings, window dimensions, and GIF output location.

Setting must be administered at the top of the tape file. Any setting (except
`TypingSpeed`) applied after a non-setting or non-output command will be
ignored.

#### Set Font Size

Set the font size with the `Set FontSize <number>` command.

```elixir
Set FontSize 10
Set FontSize 20
Set FontSize 40
```

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 10 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-10.gif" width="600" />

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 20 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-20.gif" width="600" />

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 40 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-40.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Font Family

Set the font family with the `Set FontFamily "<font>"` command

```elixir
Set FontFamily "Monoflow"
```

<img alt="Example of changing the font family to Monoflow" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-family.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Width

Set the width of the terminal with the `Set Width` command.

```elixir
Set Width 300
```

<img alt="Example of changing the width of the terminal" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/width.gif" width="300" />

#### Set Height

Set the height of the terminal with the `Set Height` command.

```elixir
Set Height 1000
```

<img alt="Example of changing the height of the terminal" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/height.gif" width="300" />

#### Set Letter Spacing

Set the spacing between letters (tracking) with the `Set LetterSpacing`
Command.

```elixir
Set LetterSpacing 20
```

<img alt="Example of changing the letter spacing to 20 pixels between characters" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/letter-spacing.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Line Height

Set the spacing between lines with the `Set LineHeight` Command.

```elixir
Set LineHeight 1.8
```

<img alt="Example of changing the line height to 1.8" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/line-height.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Typing Speed

```elixir
Set TypingSpeed 500ms # 500ms
Set TypingSpeed 1s    # 1s
```

Set the typing speed of seconds per key press. For example, a typing speed of
`0.1` would result in a `0.1s` (`100ms`) delay between each character being typed.

This setting can also be overwritten per command with the `@<time>` syntax.

```elixir
Set TypingSpeed 0.1
Type "100ms delay per character"
Type@500ms "500ms delay per character"
```

<img alt="Example of changing the typing speed to type different words" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/typing-speed.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Theme

Set the theme of the terminal with the `Set Theme` command. The theme value
should be a JSON string with the base 16 colors and foreground + background.

```elixir
Set Theme { "name": "Whimsy", "black": "#535178", "red": "#ef6487", "green": "#5eca89", "yellow": "#fdd877", "blue": "#65aef7", "purple": "#aa7ff0", "cyan": "#43c1be", "white": "#ffffff", "brightBlack": "#535178", "brightRed": "#ef6487", "brightGreen": "#5eca89", "brightYellow": "#fdd877", "brightBlue": "#65aef7", "brightPurple": "#aa7ff0", "brightCyan": "#43c1be", "brightWhite": "#ffffff", "background": "#29283b", "foreground": "#b3b0d6", "selectionBackground": "#3d3c58", "cursorColor": "#b3b0d6" }
```

<img alt="Example of changing the theme to Whimsy" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/theme.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Padding

Set the padding (in pixels) of the terminal frame with the `Set Padding`
command.

```elixir
Set Padding 0
```

<img alt="Example of setting padding to 0" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/padding.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Framerate

Set the rate at which VHS captures frames with the `Set Framerate` command.

```elixir
Set Framerate 60
```

#### Set Playback Speed

Set the playback speed of the final render.

```elixir
Set PlaybackSpeed 0.5 # Make output 2 times slower
Set PlaybackSpeed 1.0 # Keep output at normal speed (default)
Set PlaybackSpeed 2.0 # Make output 2 times faster
```

### Type

Use `Type` to emulate key presses. That is, you can use `Type` to script typing
in a terminal. Type is handy for both entering commands and interacting with
prompts and TUIs in the terminal. The command takes a string argument of the
characters to type.

You can set the standard typing speed with [`Set TypingSpeed`](#set-typing-speed)
and override it in places with a `@time` argument.

```elixir
# Type something
Type "Whatever you want"

# Type something really slowly!
Type@500ms "Slow down there, partner."
```

<img alt="Example of using the Type command in VHS" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/type.gif" width="600" />

### Keys

Key commands take an optional `@time` and optional repeat `count` for repeating
the key press every interval of `<time>`.

```
Key[@<time>] [count]
```

#### Backspace

Press the backspace key with the `Backspace` command.

```elixir
Backspace 18
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Backspace key 18 times" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/backspace.gif" width="600" />

#### Ctrl

You can access the control modifier and send control sequences with the `Ctrl`
command.

```elixir
Ctrl+R
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Ctrl+R key to reverse search" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/ctrl.gif" width="600" />

#### Enter

Press the enter key with the `Enter` command.

```elixir
Enter 2
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Enter key twice" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/enter.gif" width="600" />

#### Arrow Keys

Press any of the arrow keys with the `Up`, `Down`, `Left`, `Right` commands.

```elixir
Up 2
Down 2
Left
Right
Left
Right
Type "B"
Type "A"
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the arrow keys to navigate text" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/arrow.gif" width="600" />

#### Tab

Enter a tab with the `Tab` command.

```elixir
Tab@500ms 2
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the tab key twice for autocomplete" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/tab.gif" width="600" />

#### Space

Press the space bar with the `Space` command.

```elixir
Space 10
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the space key" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/space.gif" width="600" />

### Sleep

The `Sleep` command allows you to continue capturing frames without interacting
with the terminal. This is useful when you need to wait on something to
complete while including it in the recording like a spinner or loading state.
The command takes a number argument in seconds.

```elixir
Sleep 0.5   # 500ms
Sleep 2     # 2s
Sleep 100ms # 100ms
Sleep 1s    # 1s
```

### Hide

The `Hide` command allows you to exclude commands from the output.

```elixir
Hide
```

This command is helpful for performing any setup and cleanup required to record
a GIF, such as building the latest version of a binary and removing the binary
once the demo is recorded.

```elixir
Output example.gif

# Setup
Hide
Type "go build -o example . && clear"
Enter
Show

# Recording...
Type 'Running ./example'
...
Enter

# Cleanup
Hide
Type 'rm example'
```

### Show

The `Show` command allows you to specify that the following commands should be
un-hidden in the output. Since commands are shown by default, this command is
really only useful after using the `Hide` command.

```elixir
Hide
Type "You won't see this being typed."
Show
Type "You will see this being typed."
```

<img alt="Example of typing something while hidden" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/hide.gif" width="600" />

***

## Continuous Integration

You can hook up VHS to your CI pipeline to keep your GIFs up-to-date with
the official VHS GitHub Action:

> [⚙️ charmbracelet/vhs-action](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs-action)

VHS can also be used for integration testing. Use the `.txt` or `.ascii` output
to generate golden files. Store these files in a git repository to ensure there
are no diffs between runs of the tape file.

```elixir
Output golden.ascii
```

## Syntax Highlighting

There’s a tree-sitter grammar for `.tape` files available for editors that
support syntax highlighting with tree-sitter:

> [🌳 charmbracelet/tree-sitter-vhs](https://github.com/charmbracelet/tree-sitter-vhs)

It works great with Neovim, Emacs, and so on!

## Feedback

We’d love to hear your thoughts on this project. Feel free to drop us a note!

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/charmcli)
* [The Fediverse](https://mastodon.social/@charmcli)
* [Discord](https://charm.sh/chat)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/raw/main/LICENSE)

***

Part of [Charm](https://charm.sh).

<a href="https://charm.sh/">
  <img
    alt="The Charm logo"
    width="400"
    src="https://stuff.charm.sh/charm-badge.jpg"
  />
</a>

Charm热爱开源 • Charm loves open source

Commit message:

feat: authorized keys (#54)
* feat: authorized keys

Signed-off-by: Carlos A Becker <caarlos0@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: perms

* docs: authorization

* fix: authorized keys

* chore: fmt

Signed-off-by: Carlos A Becker <caarlos0@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# VHS

<p>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42545625/198402537-12ca2f6c-0779-4eb8-a67c-8db9cb3df13c.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="500" />
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42545625/198402542-a305f669-a05a-4d91-b18b-ca76e72b655a.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="500" />
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/charmbracelet/vhs.svg" alt="Latest Release"></a>
  <a href="https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/charmbracelet/vhs?tab=doc"><img src="https://godoc.org/github.com/golang/gddo?status.svg" alt="Go Docs"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/actions"><img src="https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/workflows/build/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
</p>

Write terminal GIFs as code for integration testing and demoing your CLI tools.

<img alt="Welcome to VHS" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/neofetch_3.gif" width="600" />

The above example was generated with VHS ([view source](./examples/neofetch/neofetch.tape)).

## Tutorial

To get started, [install VHS](#installation) and create a new `.tape` file.

```sh
vhs new demo.tape
```

Open the `.tape` file with your favorite `$EDITOR`.

```sh
vim demo.tape
```

Tape files consist of a series of [commands](#vhs-command-reference). The commands are
instructions for VHS to perform on its virtual terminal.  For a list of all
possible commands see [the command reference](#vhs-command-reference).

```elixir
# Where should we write the GIF?
Output demo.gif

# Set up a 1200x600 terminal with 46px font.
Set FontSize 46
Set Width 1200
Set Height 600

# Type a command in the terminal.
Type "echo 'Welcome to VHS!'"

# Pause for dramatic effect...
Sleep 500ms

# Run the command by pressing enter.
Enter

# Admire the output for a bit.
Sleep 5s
```

Once you've finished, save the file and feed it into VHS.

```sh
vhs < demo.tape
```

All done! You should see a new file called `demo.gif` (or whatever you named
the `Output`) in the directory.

<img alt="A GIF produced by the VHS code above" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/demo.gif" width="600" />

For more examples see the [`examples/`](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/tree/main/examples) directory.

## Installation

> **Note**
> VHS requires [`ttyd`](https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd) and [`ffmpeg`](https://ffmpeg.org) to be installed and available on your `PATH`.

Use a package manager:

```sh
# macOS or Linux
brew install charmbracelet/tap/vhs ffmpeg
brew install ttyd --HEAD

# Arch Linux (btw)
yay -S vhs-bin ttyd ffmpeg

# Nix
nix-env -iA nixpkgs.vhs nixpkgs.ttyd nixpkgs.ffmpeg

# Debian/Ubuntu
sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings
curl -fsSL https://repo.charm.sh/apt/gpg.key | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/charm.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/charm.gpg] https://repo.charm.sh/apt/ * *" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/charm.list
# Install ttyd from https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd/releases
sudo apt update && sudo apt install vhs ffmpeg

# Fedora/RHEL
echo '[charm]
name=Charm
baseurl=https://repo.charm.sh/yum/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://repo.charm.sh/yum/gpg.key' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/charm.repo
# Install ttyd from https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd/releases
sudo yum install vhs ffmpeg

# Void Linux
sudo xbps-install vhs
```

Or, use Docker to run VHS directly, dependencies included:

```sh
docker run --rm -v $PWD:/vhs ghcr.io/charmbracelet/vhs <cassette>.tape
```

Or, download it:

* [Packages][releases] are available in Debian and RPM formats
* [Binaries][releases] are available for Linux, macOS, and Windows

Or, just install it with `go`:

```sh
go install github.com/charmbracelet/vhs@latest
```

[releases]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/releases

## The VHS Server

VHS has an SSH server built in! When you self host VHS you can access it as
though it were installed locally. VHS will have access to commands and
applications on the host so you don't need to install them on your machine.

To start the server run:

```sh
vhs serve
```

Then, simply access VHS from any machine via `ssh`:

```sh
ssh vhs.example.com < demo.tape > demo.gif
```

### Authorization

VHS will be open by default.
You can enable authorized keys authorization by setting the
`VHS_AUTHORIZED_KEYS_PATH` environment variable, for example:

```sh
VHS_AUTHORIZED_KEYS_PATH=~/.ssh/authorized_keys vhs serve
```

## VHS Command Reference

> **Note**
> You can view all VHS documentation on the command line with `vhs manual`.

There are a few basic types of VHS commands:

* [`Output <path>`](#output): specify file output
* [`Set <Setting> Value`](#settings): set recording settings
* [`Type "<characters>"`](#type): emulate typing
* [`Left`](#arrow-keys) [`Right`](#arrow-keys) [`Up`](#arrow-keys) [`Down`](#arrow-keys): arrow keys
* [`Backspace`](#backspace) [`Enter`](#enter) [`Tab`](#tab) [`Space`](#space): special keys
* [`Ctrl+<char>`](#ctrl): press control + key
* [`Sleep <time>`](#sleep): wait for a certain amount of time
* [`Hide`](#hide): hide commands from output
* [`Show`](#show): stop hiding commands from output

### Output

The `Output` command allows you to specify the location and file format
of the render. You can specify more than one output in a tape file which
will render them to the respective locations.

```elixir
Output out.gif
Output out.mp4
Output out.webm
Output frames/ # a directory of frames as a PNG sequence
```

### Settings

The `Set` command allows you to change global aspects of the terminal, such as
the font settings, window dimensions, and GIF output location.

Setting must be administered at the top of the tape file. Any setting (except
`TypingSpeed`) applied after a non-setting or non-output command will be
ignored.

#### Set Font Size

Set the font size with the `Set FontSize <number>` command.

```elixir
Set FontSize 10
Set FontSize 20
Set FontSize 40
```

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 10 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-10.gif" width="600" />

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 20 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-20.gif" width="600" />

<img alt="Example of setting the font size to 40 pixels" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-size-40.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Font Family

Set the font family with the `Set FontFamily "<font>"` command

```elixir
Set FontFamily "Monoflow"
```

<img alt="Example of changing the font family to Monoflow" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/font-family.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Width

Set the width of the terminal with the `Set Width` command.

```elixir
Set Width 300
```

<img alt="Example of changing the width of the terminal" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/width.gif" width="300" />

#### Set Height

Set the height of the terminal with the `Set Height` command.

```elixir
Set Height 1000
```

<img alt="Example of changing the height of the terminal" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/height.gif" width="300" />

#### Set Letter Spacing

Set the spacing between letters (tracking) with the `Set LetterSpacing`
Command.

```elixir
Set LetterSpacing 20
```

<img alt="Example of changing the letter spacing to 20 pixels between characters" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/letter-spacing.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Line Height

Set the spacing between lines with the `Set LineHeight` Command.

```elixir
Set LineHeight 1.8
```

<img alt="Example of changing the line height to 1.8" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/line-height.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Typing Speed

```elixir
Set TypingSpeed 500ms # 500ms
Set TypingSpeed 1s    # 1s
```

Set the typing speed of seconds per key press. For example, a typing speed of
`0.1` would result in a `0.1s` (`100ms`) delay between each character being typed.

This setting can also be overwritten per command with the `@<time>` syntax.

```elixir
Set TypingSpeed 0.1
Type "100ms delay per character"
Type@500ms "500ms delay per character"
```

<img alt="Example of changing the typing speed to type different words" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/typing-speed.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Theme

Set the theme of the terminal with the `Set Theme` command. The theme value
should be a JSON string with the base 16 colors and foreground + background.

```elixir
Set Theme { "name": "Whimsy", "black": "#535178", "red": "#ef6487", "green": "#5eca89", "yellow": "#fdd877", "blue": "#65aef7", "purple": "#aa7ff0", "cyan": "#43c1be", "white": "#ffffff", "brightBlack": "#535178", "brightRed": "#ef6487", "brightGreen": "#5eca89", "brightYellow": "#fdd877", "brightBlue": "#65aef7", "brightPurple": "#aa7ff0", "brightCyan": "#43c1be", "brightWhite": "#ffffff", "background": "#29283b", "foreground": "#b3b0d6", "selectionBackground": "#3d3c58", "cursorColor": "#b3b0d6" }
```

<img alt="Example of changing the theme to Whimsy" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/theme.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Padding

Set the padding (in pixels) of the terminal frame with the `Set Padding`
command.

```elixir
Set Padding 0
```

<img alt="Example of setting padding to 0" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/padding.gif" width="600" />

#### Set Framerate

Set the rate at which VHS captures frames with the `Set Framerate` command.

```elixir
Set Framerate 60
```

#### Set Playback Speed

Set the playback speed of the final render.

```elixir
Set PlaybackSpeed 0.5 # Make output 2 times slower
Set PlaybackSpeed 1.0 # Keep output at normal speed (default)
Set PlaybackSpeed 2.0 # Make output 2 times faster
```

### Type

Use `Type` to emulate key presses. That is, you can use `Type` to script typing
in a terminal. Type is handy for both entering commands and interacting with
prompts and TUIs in the terminal. The command takes a string argument of the
characters to type.

You can set the standard typing speed with [`Set TypingSpeed`](#set-typing-speed)
and override it in places with a `@time` argument.

```elixir
# Type something
Type "Whatever you want"

# Type something really slowly!
Type@500ms "Slow down there, partner."
```

<img alt="Example of using the Type command in VHS" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/type.gif" width="600" />

### Keys

Key commands take an optional `@time` and optional repeat `count` for repeating
the key press every interval of `<time>`.

```
Key[@<time>] [count]
```

#### Backspace

Press the backspace key with the `Backspace` command.

```elixir
Backspace 18
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Backspace key 18 times" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/backspace.gif" width="600" />

#### Ctrl

You can access the control modifier and send control sequences with the `Ctrl`
command.

```elixir
Ctrl+R
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Ctrl+R key to reverse search" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/ctrl.gif" width="600" />

#### Enter

Press the enter key with the `Enter` command.

```elixir
Enter 2
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the Enter key twice" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/enter.gif" width="600" />

#### Arrow Keys

Press any of the arrow keys with the `Up`, `Down`, `Left`, `Right` commands.

```elixir
Up 2
Down 2
Left
Right
Left
Right
Type "B"
Type "A"
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the arrow keys to navigate text" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/arrow.gif" width="600" />

#### Tab

Enter a tab with the `Tab` command.

```elixir
Tab@500ms 2
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the tab key twice for autocomplete" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/tab.gif" width="600" />

#### Space

Press the space bar with the `Space` command.

```elixir
Space 10
```

<img alt="Example of pressing the space key" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/space.gif" width="600" />

### Sleep

The `Sleep` command allows you to continue capturing frames without interacting
with the terminal. This is useful when you need to wait on something to
complete while including it in the recording like a spinner or loading state.
The command takes a number argument in seconds.

```elixir
Sleep 0.5   # 500ms
Sleep 2     # 2s
Sleep 100ms # 100ms
Sleep 1s    # 1s
```

### Hide

The `Hide` command allows you to exclude commands from the output.

```elixir
Hide
```

This command is helpful for performing any setup and cleanup required to record
a GIF, such as building the latest version of a binary and removing the binary
once the demo is recorded.

```elixir
Output example.gif

# Setup
Hide
Type "go build -o example . && clear"
Enter
Show

# Recording...
Type 'Running ./example'
...
Enter

# Cleanup
Hide
Type 'rm example'
```

### Show

The `Show` command allows you to specify that the following commands should be
un-hidden in the output. Since commands are shown by default, this command is
really only useful after using the `Hide` command.

```elixir
Hide
Type "You won't see this being typed."
Show
Type "You will see this being typed."
```

<img alt="Example of typing something while hidden" src="https://stuff.charm.sh/vhs/examples/hide.gif" width="600" />

***

## Continuous Integration

You can hook up VHS to your CI pipeline to keep your GIFs up-to-date with
the official VHS GitHub Action:

> [⚙️ charmbracelet/vhs-action](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs-action)

VHS can also be used for integration testing. Use the `.txt` or `.ascii` output
to generate golden files. Store these files in a git repository to ensure there
are no diffs between runs of the tape file.

```elixir
Output golden.ascii
```

## Syntax Highlighting

There’s a tree-sitter grammar for `.tape` files available for editors that
support syntax highlighting with tree-sitter:

> [🌳 charmbracelet/tree-sitter-vhs](https://github.com/charmbracelet/tree-sitter-vhs)

It works great with Neovim, Emacs, and so on!

## Feedback

We’d love to hear your thoughts on this project. Feel free to drop us a note!

* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/charmcli)
* [The Fediverse](https://mastodon.social/@charmcli)
* [Discord](https://charm.sh/chat)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs/raw/main/LICENSE)

***

Part of [Charm](https://charm.sh).

<a href="https://charm.sh/">
  <img
    alt="The Charm logo"
    width="400"
    src="https://stuff.charm.sh/charm-badge.jpg"
  />
</a>

Charm热爱开源 • Charm loves open source
